autos Inc is proud to present this 2000
Silverado 2500 HD 4x4 this truck is
light pewter metallic with a medium grey
cloth interior the truck is a three-door
4x4 with a 6.0 liter Vortech bieed
engine it is a Carfax certified pickup
it has never been in an accident the
truck has a clean and clear title and it
is a nonsmoker truck has been very well
maintained you'll be able to see from
the video both inside and out in very
good condition comes complete here on
the exterior with BFG 265 75 r16 tyres
with 16-inch Chevy alloy factory wheels
the truck features spray in bedliner
trailer brake fog lamps tint and the
factory tow package here on the interior
the truck features shift on the fly of
four wheel drive it does have the am/fm
stereo CD the theft-deterrent system
climate control the trunk features
cruise control remote entry of course
power windows power locks power mirrors
and power seats rear view mirror has a
compass and a temperature gauge in and
which is quite handy you can be the
owner of what is just this very nice
Chevy pickup truck here that miles you
see are the actual miles at the time the
listing was created the truck has never
been smoked in clean and clear title
never been in an accident the truck has
a smooth shifting transmission and a
quick starting powerful 6.0 liter
Vortech v8 engine the interior the
vehicle as you can see is just in very
good condition been very well kept the
tires are also in good shape they've got
a solid tread life left and this is your
chance to purchase this very nice chef's
Silverado 3/4 ton 4x4 we got into great
price trucks available to sell at any
time give us a call today at eight eight
eight six two nine nine nine nine zero
we'd love to get it for you up next you
can hear the truck start here at idle
and see a drive give us a call today
you